It goes without saying that humans (mammals identifiable as those that stand upright and are comparatively advanced and capable of detailed thought) have pretty remarkable bodies, given all that they've accomplished. (Furthermore, an especially intelligent human brain produced this text!) To be sure, humans have overcome predators, disease, and all sorts of other obstacles over thousands of years.

To fully understand and appreciate these accomplishments, let's take at some of the most well-known parts of the human body!

The head, or the spherical body part that contains the brain and rests at the top of the human body, has quite a few individual organs and body parts on it. (It should quickly be mentioned that hair occupies the space on top of the head, and the ears, the organs responsible for hearing, are located on either side of the head.) From top to bottom, the eyebrows, or horizontal strips of hair that can be found above the eye, are the first components of the head. The eyes are below them, and are round, orb-like organs that allow humans to see.

The eyes make way for the nose, or an external (sticking-out) organ that plays an important part in the breathing and bacteria-elimination processes. Below that is the mouth, or a wide, cavernous organ that chews food, removes bacteria, helps with breathing, and more. The mouth contains teeth, or small, white-colored, pointed body parts used to chew food, and the tongue, or a red-colored, boneless organ used to chew food and speak.

The neck is the long body part that connects the head to the chest (the muscular body part that protects the heart and lungs), and the stomach, or the part of the body that contains food and liquid-processing organs, comes below that.

The legs are the long, muscular body parts that allow humans to move from one spot to another and perform a variety of actions. Each leg contains a thigh (a thick, especially muscular body part used to perform strenuous motions; the upper part of the leg) and a calf (thinner, more flexible body part that absorbs the shock associated with movement; the lower part of the leg). Feet can be found at the bottom of legs, and each foot is comprised of five toes, or small appendages that help balance.

Arms are long, powerful body parts that are located on either side of chest, below the shoulders;arms are comprised of biceps (the thicker, more powerful upper portion), and forearms (the thinner, more flexible lower portion). Hands, or small, gripping body parts used for a tremendous number of actions, are at the end of arms. Each hand contains five fingers, or small appendages used to grip objects.

The aforementioned shoulders are rounded body parts that aid arms' flexibility. One's back is found on the opposite side of the stomach, and is a flat section of the body that contains important muscles that're intended to protect the lungs and other internal organs, in addition to helping humans perform certain motions and actions.

Last April, John took a trip to Las Vegas, Nevada. Las Vegas is a popular destination in the western portion of the United States. The town is most popular for its casinos, hotels, and exciting nightlife.

In downtown Las Vegas, John spent a lot of time on The Strip, which is a 2.5 mile stretch of shopping, entertainment venues, luxury hotels, and fine dining experiences. This is probably the most commonly visited tourist area in the city. The Strip at night looks especially beautiful. All of the buildings light up with bright, neon, eye-catching signs to attract visitor attention.

A stay in Las Vegas can feel similar to a visit to many popular cities worldwide. Many of the hotels have miniature versions of important international sites and monuments. These famous landmarks include the Eiffel Tower, Venice, and even ancient Rome.

One day, John took a side trip outside of the city to visit the Grand Canyon, one of the Seven Wonders of the Natural World. The canyon offers a breathtaking view of Nevada’s ridges and natural landscape. John especially liked the canyon because it was removed from all of the noise and movement in downtown Las Vegas.

John had a great time during his trip to Las Vegas. He did not win a lot of money in the casinos. However, he managed to see a lot of amazing sites during his visit to this city that never sleeps.